okay Edie proclaimed he was the bigger
had a portrait fan film it's a nice
sweeping Stephen said gently off
the covers know is that I'm a I'm a bear
but I had it for telling you excuse me
Ian we're putting this with it
big mistake okay so chemical we've
decided it's Macklin's against AIDS but
Leto's couldn't represent us because she
was out during the phone did you know
that is it you wrote the questions no no
better not
the questions have been written by our
but 5 an expert adjudicator I are
flatmates
I guess Harry Potter to provide you'll
never meet no it's not Emily it's not it
I promise you okay
I'm warming up marquees okay I'm just
gonna corner but I won you and a bit
easy on its that off near the for host
is hogwash that's easiest like easy Lisa
what is Cornelius fudge is job minister
magic easy what's the spell to cast a
Patronus charm the experts are
patrolling what were that expected with
rather you've got deduction expect
cyclotron and which was a ding village
would you find the to do me look at this
article never and in which was it big
village which you find deep boom shits
pub Lisa that be hawks me come on him so
that's the easy questions over when I
want to the hard questions
yes mrs. Meacham Oh Joe you wrote the
profession okay the question oh my god
flat meat we are a few things in life
but we're not cheat okay and are liars
because of affair Scottish people
actually don't mind losing - says all
time we yeah right name all save and
Weasley childrenís if I help school from
no
yes Fred George Percy Jenny
Rome may still think dragon is yeah
[Music]
smell victory thank dragons I'm thinking
joy quite a common name I know better
already
and a knife actually and the chakra yes
data point now I up
that's not no yeah okay no that's right
nonny it's all safer do you believe or
call services I want you to me I want
you I got all seven I didn't yeah yeah
and now we're on to the flaming new
equestions ridiculous
flaming more lemon Nora and what is the
brand name of the constipation sensation
that is gripping the nation and OS
Donuts is Harry Potter
yeah no it's same lord of the rings of
course added for Iran's name of the
concentration sensation is within the
nation books this one final name to
Maple Street isn't they screams worse
things in life come free to us okay
that's it yeah you know populist and
that's quite an easy one a delicious
I took not many questions we thought
here's one thing though this is just
shows how fan I'm gonna be here okay
I'm not when I know inside Lisa what
were the names of moly
Weasley's brothers yeah ones like
or gotten ourselves got the end I'm
gonna go with such as media all right
bye got in and fryer baby and get into
it get in copyright get in you can get
me that last question there's a
one-ounce both of you and you need to
both give me a number ok how many actors
have portrayed Baltimore in the film's
Ian Hart is not home there's not really
a lot of people do with things
all right there you've got to give a
number all of you have to give a number
I am do what I want even the names you
want to give me the names for I'm gonna
wait so
stop act like your thing no no that good
stock is this ray Fiennes and then
there's a dude that played Tom Riddle in
a second floor there's a dude to play
Tom Riddle in there's a child before and
then there's the guy in the first film
at the back of the head to this Court
yeah yeah that's more the Box said for
though I wanna say folk yeah he's very
fine it's fine it's fine Julia is fine
because a little baby at the end in the
final film um it's the fifth water
spirits of everyone so I think I want so
ed today has been the overall winner the
winner I take I've ever been Hey just
saw him in the everything you can sing
your had it all right Kerri ponter
trivia okay we don't wait to go and pick
up our self-esteem off the floor we've
been the match between 23 18 and you're
watching Matthew is in Anna Maxie